{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f2\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green76\blue180;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red50\green29\blue15;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c25882\c15294\c7059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1011\margr1011\margb1445\margt1011\vieww14000\viewh16000\viewkind1\viewscale125
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Brand Colors:\

\b0 Green: #34fb24 || R:52 G:251
\b  
\b0 B:36\
Pink: #fb0545 || R:251 G:5
\b  
\b0 B:69\
Black: #000000 || R:0 G:0
\b  
\b0 B:0\
White: #FFFFFF || R:255 G:255
\b  
\b0 B:255
\b \
\
Header: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Facebook: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/pooptulips/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.facebook.com/pooptulips/}}\
Instagram: @pooptulips\
Take out other social media links\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Navigation Menu: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Main Menu: Shop  Blog   About   Contact \
Child Menu: About > Terms & Conditions > No Returns no Refunds  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Mega Menu/Sliders: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b0\fs18 \cf2 Slider Text. Use \'93shop now\'94 button below each: \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\i0\fs22 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \'ef
\f2 	}
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stood up again!? Send him a Poop Tulip to tell him how you really feel. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \'ef
\f2 	}
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Here are some shitty flowers for your shitty girlfriend! \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \'ef
\f2 	}
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Send a gift to a d-bag today! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Add Text Block Under Slider: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Did someone call you out at work and make you feel like an idiot? Is your neighbor acting like a total jerk for no reason? Did someone ask if you were pregnant when you weren\'92t? Stood up again!? No matter the reason, you came to the right place! There are literally 
\f0\b thousands of reasons to send a Poop Tulip
\f1\b0 . Get creative and send a Poop Tulip today!\
Poop Tulips are hilarious gag gifts that really let a person know they did something shitty. You have the option to 
\f0\b send a Poop Tulip 100% anonymous
\f1\b0  or you can proudly sign your name to it. The Poop Tulip is a synthetic tulip covered in a non-toxic VERY smelly odor that will be sure to make someone gag and clear the room. The tulip sits in a few logs of fake poo to ensure the recipient is truly grossed out. You can add a custom note or send completely anonymous. \
Poop Tulips arrive in beautiful packaging so the recipient will be sure to open it in front of colleagues, spouses and friends to prove their popularity then BAM they are Poop Tulip\'92d! The smell and fake poop becomes the talk of the town. Take that Nancy (or whomever)\'85 \
Poop Tulips are non-edible. Poop Tulips are to be used for fun and gags not for harassment. Don\'92t be a jerk.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Show 3 products under Text: \
Products: Use \'93simple product\'94 template\
Customizations needed to product page: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 *Add Text Box up to 250 characters \
* Add check box to make it anonymous\
*Agree to Terms & Conditions \
3 products total: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Product Name: Poop Tulip \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Description: \
Send a single poop tulip to someone who deserves it! Perfect for someone who made you look dumb, stood you up, or maybe stole your lunch from the office refrigerator. Add a custom message to let the person know why they deserve this smelly gift or send anonymously.  The tulip will arrive in a beautiful box with your custom message in a cute card envelope. Each Poop Tulip is smelly, comes with at least two logs of fake poo and will be sure to get a reaction! \
Price: $20.00\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Name: Poop Tulip Bouquet\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Description\
This beautiful arrangement will be a shock to the system when the smell hits the air! The bouquet is extra smelly and comes with at least six logs of fake poo. A perfect gift for someone who took your car without asking, went on a date with your ex or asked you to stretch out their new pants. Add a custom message and let the person know why they are receiving this glorious stinky arrangement or send anonymously. Deliver to an office or event to really make an impression. \
Price: $35.00 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Name: Just Poop\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Description:\
Sometimes people don\'92t even deserve the tulip! Send a stinky pile of fake poo to a lucky person in your life. Packaged like a candle, the poop and stench will be a major surprise to the recipient. Add a custom message or send anonymously. Don\'92t get mad, send poop! \
Price: $9.99 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 About\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Don\'92t get mad, send a Poop Tulip! \cf4 In 2011 my boyfriend and I were in the midst of a new relationship, a law suit, and knee deep in liquor. If that\'92s not a recipe for creative genius I don\'92t know what is.  We wanted to get revenge/ just liked talking about it. While discussing plans to put sugar in gas tanks and grand ways to create embarrassing situations for individuals with craigslist we stumbled upon a glorious business idea... Poop Tulips! (Tag line):\'a0
\i because everybody hates somebody
\i0 . \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Five years later we found a way to make our fake tulips smell terrible (in a legal way)! Our product is a terrible smelling tulip that rests in a pile of fake poop covered in glitter with a custom note to a person who has wronged you or let you down. The stink and glitter bomb are sure to offend the recipient and anyone within a 10 ft. radius. Here are my top 10 reasons to send a Poop Tulip. \
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your friend missed your birthday party because he/she had a date or was tired\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your friend slept with your boyfriend or sibling\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your coworker totally messed up a project and made you look dumb\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your sister got you a stupid birthday gift that proves she doesn't even know you (that hasn't happened to me just FYI)\'a0\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Shitty flowers for your shitty girlfriend/boyfriend\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stood up on tinder\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You realize that your fifth-grade teacher was a perv!\'a0\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your uncle said something stupid at Thanksgiving\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your neighbor yelled at you for letting your dog walk on his grass\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
An ex called you because his/her dog ran away and wants you to help\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Terms & Conditions \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf5 \cb6 You may NOT use our service to threaten, constitute harassment, violate a legal restraint, or any other unlawful purpose. The customer agrees this is a gag gift, novelty service for entertainment ONLY and that is their only intension. PoopTulips.com liability to the customer is limited to the price of the product. Customers ordering any items from this web site agree to release PoopTulips.com its agents, officers, and employees of any and all liability associated with the use of our services.\'a0\
All sales are final. No returns or refunds.  \
\
Blog Page: \
Use template \'93single post with shop\'94 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 Blog Header Text: Share your Poop Tulip Story with us! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf5 \
Blog Post 1: \
My favorite times to send a Poop Tulip by Jill: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs19 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 1. Someone who asked when the baby was due when you aren't pregnant.\
2. The dude who invented white pants because clearly he's never had his period:)\
3. The friend who is gluten and dairy free and makes you order only shit she can eat when you go out to eat.\
4. The douchebag in the audi who always parks so fucking close to your car in the parking garage.\
5. The guy at work who saves his shit taking for the workplace and smells up the joint.\
6. The boss who eats the lunches of his staff out of the fridge.\
7. Any guy with man tits who ever makes fun of a woman's body.\
8. My friend's shitty mother-in-law who said shitty things to her two days after she had a baby.\
9. The stupid area teenagers who vandalized our neighborhood trampoline.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \
Blog Post 2: \
My Poop Tulip Scenarios by Melissa:  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs19 \cf4 1. A colleague who didn't give you toilet paper when you had dysentary on an 8 hour bus ride across a developing country and had to shit on sand\'a0\
2. A guy who forgot you had already slept together and tries to hit on you again\'a0\
3. A guy who gives you an STD that makes you have to miss your friend's trampoline birthday party because you had to have part of your cervix removed\'a0\
4. A friend who canceled last minute to attend your bridal shower and bachelorette party because she had "allergies"\'a0\
5. A boss who tells you that you don't know anything about business since your parents didn't go to college\'a0\
6. A board member who tells you during a meeting that you didn't deliver on tasks that you, in fact, did deliver on in a very timely manner\
7. A friend who killed your frog while you were away on business (I did that once but it was an accident but I totally deserved to receive a poop tulip that day)\'a0\
8. A boyfriend who tells you "I just don't get that excited whenever I am about to hang out with you."\'a0\
9. A friend who peed on you while you were sleeping directly after she slept with your boyfriend (I did that too- bring on the stinky tulips for that one!)\'a0\
10. Your long- time, entitled, spoiled boyfriend tells you that you're not that much fun because you have to work so much\'a0\
11. Your fat uncle goes on a seesaw with you and jumps down so hard on it that you go flying and come back down landing on your chin and vagina and bleeding profusely\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \
Blog Post 3: \
I deserve a Poop Tulip! By Lesley\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs19 \cf4 \cb6 I deserve a Poop Tulip for the time I got so drunk at your house and fell down in your bathroom and took the shower curtain with me. Then you called me an Uber to go home (a few blocks away) and I took it to some dudes house in a different town instead, all while telling you I was going home, but you were watching my every move on your Uber app! \
\
Blog Post 4: \
An angry vegetarian wants to send a Poop Tulip\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 I've been vegetarian for years. Literally almost 20. (Except that time in Vegas when I drunkenly devoured beef raviolis and chain smoked)\'a0\
Why do you still try to trick me into eating turkey sandwiches? You know I can see it, smell it, and do have a clear idea of what meat is.\'a0\
\
And, Yes turkey is 100% meat! What else would it even be?!?\
No, I don't want to "just try it".\'a0\
No i don't want to eat around it!\'a0\
Lastly - NO, \'a0I am not slowly dying from lack of protein and my muscles are not withering into soggy Alfredo sauced noodles.\'a0\
\
What I would like is a kale salad and a vegetarian disc shaped puck at holiday dinners. Please don't pass me that stuffing cause I know it was backed in a chicken carcass and I am a GODDAMN VEGETARIAN.\'a0\
\
Poop Tulip for you.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \
Contact: \
Questions, concerns or praise: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jam@pooptulips.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 jam@pooptulips.com}} }{\*\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}